ClientApp/README.md, before:

# DSAClinic

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.0.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Docker Composition for Angular part of app - ClientApi.

ClientApp/README.md, after:

# Commands to build separate Angular container with Docker Compose.

```sh
# Make sure you are in ClientApp folder which is dedicated for Angular part of the app.
cd ClientApp

# Run command using Docker Composer with preconfigured multi-container system and ports.
docker compose up

# App should run on PORT 4201. IMPORTANT! 4200 might run too, but won't hot-reload. 

## Use ONLY port 4201.

## Edit your local ClientApp folder, changes should be reflected in on your Docker-based instance on localhost.
```

# DSAClinic

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.0.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
